README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hallo! :wave: Ik ben Joey Figaro</h1> 
<h4 align="center">I'm a Product Engineer, Tinkerer, and Co-Founder</h4>

<hr />

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://joeyfigaro.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/joeyfigaro.com-8A2BE2" alt="JoeyFigaro.com" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/joeyfigaro">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://x.com/_figarroh_" title="@_figarroh_">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white" alt="@_figarroh_" />
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:introductions@shovelandsandbox.dev" title="introductions@shovelandsandbox.dev">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ProtonMail-8B89CC?style=for-the-badge&logo=protonmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email me" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://keys.openpgp.org/vks/v1/by-fingerprint/BFBE50C7CAF6469DCE2D0A59AC0E2510BE8A9381" title="BFBE50C7CAF6469DCE2D0A59AC0E2510BE8A9381">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GnuPG_Public_Key-333?style=for-the-badge&logo=GNU Privacy Guard&logoColor=0093DD" alt="BFBE50C7CAF6469DCE2D0A59AC0E2510BE8A9381" />
  </a>

</div>

<br />

<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="left">
        <div>
          <p>For the last 9 years, I've worked on teams large and small to help build experiences for companies like <a   href="https://]https://www.ford.com">Ford</a>, <a href="https://www.tempurpedic.com">Tempur Pedic</a>, <a href="https://ihome.com">iHome</a>, <a href="https://measure.com">Measure</a>, <a href="http://saunders.mobelux.com">Mobelux</a>, <a href="https://theinfatuation.com">The Infatuation</a>, <a href="https://www.seasonalroots.com">Seasonal Roots</a>, <a href="https://www.simplethread.com/">Simple Thread</a> and more.</p>

          
<p>If you're interested in <a href="https://shovelandsandbox.dev" target="_blank">working together</a> or would like to <a href="https://joeyfigaro.com" target="_blank">learn more about me</a> or <a href="https://joeyfigaro.com/projects" target="_blank">what I'm working on</a>, feel free to reach out.</p>
        </div>
      </td>
      <td width="40%">
        <p align="center" style={{ paddingTop: 16 }}>
<img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=joeyfigaro&no-frame=true&no-bg=false&column=3&margin-w=5&margin-h=5&theme=darkhub" />
</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

- `OSS`: I contribute to [Rust web frameworks](https://github.com/actix/examples/pull/629#event-9891729908), [generative art toolkits](https://github.com/acamposuribe/p5.brush/pull/9), and publish [useful Github actions](https://github.com/joeyfigaro/action-conflict-finder) projects in my spare time.
- I made a [fairly popular Sublime Text theme](https://packagecontrol.io/packages/Theme%20-%20Glacier) a long time ago


- 🧑🏻‍💻 I’m currently working on [Gamelens](https://github.com/gamelens)
  - ✅ [Typescript, <a href="https://apify.com">Apify</a>] scheduled actors run daily to find public cover art for video games
  - ✅ [<a href="https://apify.com">Apify</a>, <a href="https://developer.apple.com/machine-learning/create-ml/">Create ML</a>] results from actor runs are used to train a model (not automated yet)
  - 💪🏻 [<a href="https://www.rust-lang.org/learn">Rust</a>, <a href="https://actix.rs/">Actix</a>] platform API serves up JSON for discovered games (in-progress)
  - ⭕️ [Swift] iOS app

- 🧠 I’m currently learning **Rust** and **Dutch** :netherlands:

---

### Languages
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![SASS](https://img.shields.io/badge/SASS-hotpink.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SASS&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)

### Notable Projects
- [The Infatuation](theinfatuation.com)
- [Measure](https://gc.measure.com/login)
- [Glacier](https://packagecontrol.io/packages/Theme%20-%20Glacier)

### Recent Activity
<!--START_SECTION:activity-->
1. 💪 Opened PR [#2169](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com/pull/2169) in [tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com)
2. 🗣 Commented on [#2168](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com/pull/2168#issuecomment-2749116488) in [tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com)
3. ❌ Closed PR [#2168](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com/pull/2168) in [tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com)
4. 💪 Opened PR [#2168](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com/pull/2168) in [tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com)
5. 🗣 Commented on [#636](https://github.com/react-dropzone/react-dropzone/issues/636#issuecomment-2748983602) in [react-dropzone/react-dropzone](https://github.com/react-dropzone/react-dropzone)
<!--END_SECTION:activity-->

### Experience With
![GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GraphQL-E10098?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Apollo-GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ApolloGraphQL-311C87?style=for-the-badge&logo=apollo-graphql)
![Expo](https://img.shields.io/badge/expo-1C1E24?style=for-the-badge&logo=expo&logoColor=#D04A37)
![Testing-Library](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TestingLibrary-%23E33332?style=for-the-badge&logo=testing-library&logoColor=white)
![cypress](https://img.shields.io/badge/-cypress-%23E5E5E5?style=for-the-badge&logo=cypress&logoColor=058a5e)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Fastify](https://img.shields.io/badge/fastify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastify&logoColor=white)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Nx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nx-143055?style=for-the-badge&logo=nx&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white)
![p5js](https://img.shields.io/badge/p5.js-ED225D?style=for-the-badge&logo=p5.js&logoColor=FFFFFF)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react_native-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![React Query](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React%20Query-FF4154?style=for-the-badge&logo=react%20query&logoColor=white)
![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white)
![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white)
![SASS](https://img.shields.io/badge/SASS-hotpink.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SASS&logoColor=white)
![Styled Components](https://img.shields.io/badge/styled--components-DB7093?style=for-the-badge&logo=styled-components&logoColor=white)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white)
![Webpack](https://img.shields.io/badge/webpack-%238DD6F9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=webpack&logoColor=black)
![Yarn](https://img.shields.io/badge/yarn-%232C8EBB.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=yarn&logoColor=white)
![Storybook](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Storybook-FF4785?style=for-the-badge&logo=storybook&logoColor=white)
![Adobe Illustrator](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe%20illustrator-%23FF9A00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe%20illustrator&logoColor=white)
![Adobe Photoshop](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe%20photoshop-%2331A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe%20photoshop&logoColor=white)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)
![Invision](https://img.shields.io/badge/invision-FF3366?style=for-the-badge&logo=invision&logoColor=white)
![Prisma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-3982CE?style=for-the-badge&logo=Prisma&logoColor=white)
![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/redis-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white)
![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Mosquitto](https://img.shields.io/badge/mosquitto-%233C5280.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=eclipsemosquitto&logoColor=white)
![Zigbee](https://img.shields.io/badge/zigbee-%23EB0443.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=zigbee&logoColor=white)
![Home Assistant](https://img.shields.io/badge/home%20assistant-%2341BDF5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=home-assistant&logoColor=white)
![Homebridge](https://img.shields.io/badge/homebridge-%23491F59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=homebridge&logoColor=white)
![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white)
![Alpine Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Alpine_Linux-%230D597F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=alpine-linux&logoColor=white)
![Kali](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kali-268BEE?style=for-the-badge&logo=kalilinux&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Insomnia](https://img.shields.io/badge/Insomnia-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=insomnia&logoColor=5849BE)

<!--
**joeyfigaro/joeyfigaro** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

[docs]: side project updates
Little of this, little of that. 🐑 🩵

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hallo! :wave: Ik ben Joey Figaro</h1> 
<h4 align="center">I'm a Product Engineer, Tinkerer, and Co-Founder</h4>

<hr />

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://joeyfigaro.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/joeyfigaro.com-8A2BE2" alt="JoeyFigaro.com" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/joeyfigaro">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://x.com/_figarroh_" title="@_figarroh_">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white" alt="@_figarroh_" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://keys.openpgp.org/vks/v1/by-fingerprint/BFBE50C7CAF6469DCE2D0A59AC0E2510BE8A9381" title="BFBE50C7CAF6469DCE2D0A59AC0E2510BE8A9381">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GnuPG_Public_Key-333?style=for-the-badge&logo=GNU Privacy Guard&logoColor=0093DD" alt="BFBE50C7CAF6469DCE2D0A59AC0E2510BE8A9381" />
  </a>

</div>

<br />

<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="left">
        <div>
        <div>
          <p>For the last 10 years, I've worked with diverse teams to solve problems for companies like <a   href="https://]https://www.ford.com">Ford</a>, <a href="https://www.tempurpedic.com">Tempur Pedic</a>, <a href="https://ihome.com">iHome</a>, <a href="https://measure.com">Measure</a>, <a href="http://saunders.mobelux.com">Mobelux</a>, <a href="https://theinfatuation.com">The Infatuation</a>, <a href="https://www.seasonalroots.com">Seasonal Roots</a>, <a href="https://www.simplethread.com/">Simple Thread</a> and more.</p>

          
<p>If you're interested in <a href="https://shovelandsandbox.dev" target="_blank">working together</a> or would like to <a href="https://joeyfigaro.com" target="_blank">learn more about me</a> or <a href="https://joeyfigaro.com/projects" target="_blank">what I'm working on</a>, feel free to reach out.</p>
        </div>
      </td>
      <td width="40%">
        <p align="center" style={{ paddingTop: 16 }}>
<img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=joeyfigaro&no-frame=true&no-bg=false&column=3&margin-w=5&margin-h=5&theme=darkhub" />
</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

- `OSS`: I contribute to [Rust web frameworks](https://github.com/actix/examples/pull/629#event-9891729908), [generative art toolkits](https://github.com/acamposuribe/p5.brush/pull/9), and publish [useful Github actions](https://github.com/joeyfigaro/action-conflict-finder) projects in my spare time.
- I made a [fairly popular Sublime Text theme](https://packagecontrol.io/packages/Theme%20-%20Glacier) a long time ago


## 🧑🏻‍💻 Current Side Projects
  - [Gamelens](https://github.com/gamelens) (a native CV app for identifying games on your TV) `IN-PROGRESS`
    - ✅ [Typescript, <a href="https://apify.com">Apify</a>] scheduled actors run daily to find public cover art for video games
    - ✅ [<a href="https://apify.com">Apify</a>, <a href="https://developer.apple.com/machine-learning/create-ml/">Create ML</a>] results from actor runs are used to train a model (not automated yet)
    - ✅ [<a href="https://www.rust-lang.org/learn">Rust</a>, <a href="https://actix.rs/">Actix</a>] platform API serves up JSON for discovered games (in-progress)
    - ⭕️ [Swift] iOS app
  - [Blackhole.email](https://blackhole.email) (a tongue-in-cheek access gate for your inboxes) `IN-PROGRESS`
    - ✅ Architecture
    - 💪🏻 ZKP research
    - ⭕️ [Typescript, React] Browser extension/local client
    - ⭕️ [Typescript] Server
  - [@joeyfigaro/astro-github](https://github.com/joeyfigaro/astro-github) (custom loader for GH data in Astro content collections) `IN-PROGRESS`
    - 💪🏻 [Typescript, Astro] sources
    - ⭕️ [MDX/Markdown] Examples
    - ⭕️ v1 release
  - [@joeyfigaro/use-mutation-redirect](https://github.com/joeyfigaro/use-mutation-redirect) (a React hook for post-mutate navigation side-effects) `RELEASED`
    - ✅ [Typescript] Sources
    - ✅ [Typescript] Tests
    - ✅ v1 release
    - 💪🏻 [MDX/Markdown] Examples

---

### Languages
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![SASS](https://img.shields.io/badge/SASS-hotpink.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SASS&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)

### Notable Projects
- [`use-mutation-redirect`](https://github.com/joeyfigaro/use-mutation-redirect)
- [The Infatuation](theinfatuation.com)
- [Measure](https://gc.measure.com/login)
- [Glacier](https://packagecontrol.io/packages/Theme%20-%20Glacier)
- [EasyRCA](https://easyrca.com)

### Recent Activity
<!--START_SECTION:activity-->
1. 💪 Opened PR [#2169](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com/pull/2169) in [tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com)
2. 🗣 Commented on [#2168](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com/pull/2168#issuecomment-2749116488) in [tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com)
3. ❌ Closed PR [#2168](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com/pull/2168) in [tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com)
4. 💪 Opened PR [#2168](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com/pull/2168) in [tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com)
5. 🗣 Commented on [#636](https://github.com/react-dropzone/react-dropzone/issues/636#issuecomment-2748983602) in [react-dropzone/react-dropzone](https://github.com/react-dropzone/react-dropzone)
<!--END_SECTION:activity-->

### Experience With
![GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GraphQL-E10098?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Apollo-GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ApolloGraphQL-311C87?style=for-the-badge&logo=apollo-graphql)
![Expo](https://img.shields.io/badge/expo-1C1E24?style=for-the-badge&logo=expo&logoColor=#D04A37)
![Testing-Library](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TestingLibrary-%23E33332?style=for-the-badge&logo=testing-library&logoColor=white)
![cypress](https://img.shields.io/badge/-cypress-%23E5E5E5?style=for-the-badge&logo=cypress&logoColor=058a5e)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Fastify](https://img.shields.io/badge/fastify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastify&logoColor=white)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Nx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nx-143055?style=for-the-badge&logo=nx&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white)
![p5js](https://img.shields.io/badge/p5.js-ED225D?style=for-the-badge&logo=p5.js&logoColor=FFFFFF)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react_native-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![React Query](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React%20Query-FF4154?style=for-the-badge&logo=react%20query&logoColor=white)
![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white)
![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white)
![SASS](https://img.shields.io/badge/SASS-hotpink.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SASS&logoColor=white)
![Styled Components](https://img.shields.io/badge/styled--components-DB7093?style=for-the-badge&logo=styled-components&logoColor=white)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white)
![Webpack](https://img.shields.io/badge/webpack-%238DD6F9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=webpack&logoColor=black)
![Yarn](https://img.shields.io/badge/yarn-%232C8EBB.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=yarn&logoColor=white)
![Storybook](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Storybook-FF4785?style=for-the-badge&logo=storybook&logoColor=white)
![Adobe Illustrator](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe%20illustrator-%23FF9A00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe%20illustrator&logoColor=white)
![Adobe Photoshop](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe%20photoshop-%2331A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe%20photoshop&logoColor=white)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)
![Invision](https://img.shields.io/badge/invision-FF3366?style=for-the-badge&logo=invision&logoColor=white)
![Prisma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-3982CE?style=for-the-badge&logo=Prisma&logoColor=white)
![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/redis-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white)
![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Mosquitto](https://img.shields.io/badge/mosquitto-%233C5280.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=eclipsemosquitto&logoColor=white)
![Zigbee](https://img.shields.io/badge/zigbee-%23EB0443.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=zigbee&logoColor=white)
![Home Assistant](https://img.shields.io/badge/home%20assistant-%2341BDF5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=home-assistant&logoColor=white)
![Homebridge](https://img.shields.io/badge/homebridge-%23491F59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=homebridge&logoColor=white)
![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white)
![Alpine Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Alpine_Linux-%230D597F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=alpine-linux&logoColor=white)
![Kali](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kali-268BEE?style=for-the-badge&logo=kalilinux&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Insomnia](https://img.shields.io/badge/Insomnia-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=insomnia&logoColor=5849BE)

<!--
**joeyfigaro/joeyfigaro** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
